welcome to the man of recaps Game of
Thrones season 6 starts with Jon Snow
dead after he was julius caesar by the
night's watch last season Alistair thorn
holds the meeting he's like yeah I did
it I kill John and everyone seems
generally ok with that yeah none sansai
trudging through the snow after that
daring escape from Winterfell last
season of course they're caught
immediately
luckily Brienne comes in to save the day
Podrick helps to Jamie comes back from
Dorne with the dead body of his niece
daughter mysel I remember she was
poisoned by the sand snakes because they
want war to avenge Oberyn uh so they
decide to stage a coup in Dorne by
killing oberyn's brother and his nephew
and they're like yeah women rule in
Dorne now and everyone seems generally
okay with that now down in King's
Landing Cersei has got this awesome new
bodyguard it's a reanimated Mountain
corpse what hybrid did some freaky
Frankenstein stuff to him Chi birds
building a spy network of little kids
give him candy so that works and then
Tommen marches down to see the high
Sparrow he's like I demand you release
Margaery but the high Sparrow is like
hey why don't you sit with me on the
bench of manipulation instead I'll tell
you about how great the gods are
Daenerys is captured by the Dothraki
they bring her to see this Khal Drogo
cosplayer who's like hey you're my slave
now and she's like I'm no one slave I'm
a Khaleesi and it's like oh if you're
the widow of a call you have to go to
this boring Shack with the other widows
and live there for the rest of your life
Arya is a blind beggar on the streets of
Braavos the faceless men blinded her
because she killed the wrong person last
season so her assassin friend comes and
starts beating her with sticks
eventually she finds her friend jack and
a guard who's like you ready to join the
guild to real she's like are you gonna
stop beating me with sticks he's like
actually there's gonna be more than
she's like fine let's just get this over
with in the scary dark cave north of the
wall bran stark is tripping out on tree
roots with this old dude that the
rehydrating they're going on sphere of
vision quests he sees his father young
Ned Stark and his young uncle Benjen and
his young aunt Lyanna Stark and also
young Hodor who was quite an elkwood
chap in his youth back to Jon Snow his
loyal friends are holed up in this room
so Aleister Thorin comes like open the
door so he can kill you they prepare for
a fight but then a giant comes in yes
with all of John's wildling friends they
take the castle without a fight except
for this one dude who decides to attack
the Giant by himself always a bad idea
anyway Jon's dead
so Davos Seaworth goes to see Melisandre
the red priestess who she showed us her
boobs earlier always nice but when she
takes off her magic necklace oh she's a
million years old what anyway Dallas is
like hey you're a priest can't you cast
revive on Jon Snow she's like now I
suspect into shadow I never really
learned that spell but she decides to
give it a go anyway she says the magic
words
yo come on back now boo and it works Jon
Snow's alive right he's in this I was
this happening theaters is famous for
his words why am i naked anyway Theon
says goodbye to Sansa he's going back
home the
Islands a dreary rainy place with
rickety old bridges where you're liable
to meet cloaked strangers in the night
Leon's dad King Balin is like oh it's my
long-lost brother you're on Greyjoy what
are you doing here I'm here to throw you
off this bridge what Oh murdered Yara's
like I guess that makes me queen of the
Iron Islands they're like no actually we
have a progressive democratic system
she's like oh well I'll run no no chicks
allowed now bran starts on another
Vision Quest he sees a slightly older
Ned Stark during Robert's rebellion era
they're facing off against some Kings
guard of old Aerys Targaryen he's like
hey you guys missed the entire war what
are you doing here they're like we're on
the secret mission to guard this tower
but we can't tell you what's in it it's
like is it my kidnapped sister Lyanna
Stark they're like a Nokia tell you time
to fight so it's our third aim sword the
morning dual wielding he's a boss and it
finally comes down to a 1v1 with Ned but
then he stabbed in the back by Ned's
friend Hal and read some it's like all
right what's in the tower bran Stark
wants to go find out too
the three-eyed Raven stops him it's like
no it's too early in the season for this
now Jon executes all the people that
stabbed him including ollie that's what
you get Olly and he's like you know what
forget the Nights Watch I'm going down
to Dorne to the beach now it's just then
Sansa shows up and they have a stark
reunion though and tormund has a huge
crush on bran
so watch out for that Littlefinger makes
it back to the Vale away this little
brat Lords in charge he gets him a bird
and he's like hey you want to trade this
bird for maybe your whole army and the
kids like yeah that seems like a fair
trade and this Lord is like hey you
can't just do that the little fingers
like yes I can and yeah Littlefinger can
he owns the Vale now so it goes to see
Sansa he's like so sorry I just gave you
two Ramsay Bolton to be raped and
tortured but I brought you an army she's
like forget it I don't want your army
haha sad Littlefinger now it's the dream
team in marine with Daenerys gan tyrion
and varys are in charge they're having
some graffiti problems though with the
sons of the harpy so Tyrion formulates a
plan step one is released the dragon's
eye he unchanged them but they stay
there for now step two he meets with
local religious leaders to get some
support I find this Rides priestess
who's a total babe and he's like hey do
you want to help Daenerys and she's like
yeah Daenerys has dragons and fire our
gun loves fire it's a no-brainer
step3 he meets with the slavers of the
other cities he's like hey can you guys
stop like messing with our city and
we'll let you slave for a little while
longer it'll be cool a nice little peace
and gray worms like hey you can't make
peace with the slavers you can't trust
the materials like nah I got this Jorah
and Daario are hot on Danny's trail out
to rescue her they pose as wine
merchants for about five seconds before
resorting to violence they find an
heiress but then she's like wait hold on
I have a plan she meets with the calls
and she's like hey remember how I'm
immune to fire oh push the Brasi burn
the flames burn and hitting all the
calls out of it and she steps out of the
burning building completely naked
looking hot and all these Dothraki are
like
we gotta bow to her now Roose Bolton
meets with his son Ramsay tells him
about how disappointed he is luckily he
gets the news right now he's got a new
son Gramps is like Oh Congrats dad
shaped Oh who says like all I probably
should have seen this coming Ramsay's
like hey little brother sorry I'm gonna
feed you the dogs no offense Ramsay's
trying to make some new friends with
other northern Lawrence he finds this
Lord umber who's like I like the cut of
your jib look what I found it's recon
stark what we haven't seen him in like
season three how do I know this is
Rickon stark oh it's a wolf head yeah
that'll do and so Hache is there to
remember her she does the whole like I'm
and pretend to have sex with you so I
can kill you thing and rams is like
honey that's my game - I'll stab Asha
sucks free whoo so Ramsay sends a letter
to John Snow he's like give me Sansa
back or I'm gonna come and kill you
plus I have your brother Rickon and
Johnson was like man I'm not going to
get a beach vacation to season am I so
Ari has plowed through her blind stick
fighting training montage pretty soon
she's a master and Jachin gives her eyes
back in his like look you've got a new
assassination mission don't screw this
one up
this one's an actress in this play
that's a reenactment of season 1 which
of course brings back some pretty bad
memories for Arya anyway the actress
likes rum so Arya poisons the rum but
then she sort of befriends the actor so
when she goes to drink the rum Arya
knocks it out of her hand and she's like
man I'm the worst assassin ever
now it's Kingsmoot time in the Iron
Islands yar is like vote for me I'm
gonna build a bunch of ships and beyonds
like yeah I'm with her but then you're
on Greyjoy Trump comes in and he's like
yo I'm gonna build even more ships
plus we'll make the Lannisters pay for
him plus I got a big old dick what
everyone's like yeah you're on King they
vote for him he also admits by the way
to killing his brother the last king and
everyone seems generally okay with this
so his real plan is to go find Daenerys
and Ally with her to go conquer all of
Westeros now Yan thinks it's a pretty
good idea so they steal some ships to go
do it first brands on another Vision
Quest way in the past where the children
of the forest are doing some sketchy
ritual on this guy
they stab him in the heart with obsidian
and turn him into the first white Walker
what bran wakes up he's like why'd you
create the White Walkers they're like
because we were being all genocided by
humans we had to do something so one day
bran is like hey old guy you awake
so he goes on a Vision Quest by himself
to the same tree in the present day
where there's the army of zombies and
also the night's king and he could see
him he grabs him and leaves his mark in
the guys like oh man now get through the
door so sure enough the White Walkers
show up and the children the forest I
throw in their fireballs and they're
trying to wake brand but he stuck last
minute downloading so they're running
out of there and other White Walkers
come in they kill the three-eyed Raven
and then summer the wolf comes to
sacrifices himself to buy time and the
elf chick sacrifices herself to buy time
but it's not enough and so they're like
who do you got to hold the door and then
because
in the past he somehow wore toto in the
past and give him this seizure he
started Yellin hold the door hold the
door and that forest of balls into just
Hodor
and brains like oh I made Hodor [ __ ]
as part of a time travel paradox I feel
so bad but anyway Holder does hold the
door like a champion of course they
don't make it very far and the zombies
catch up with him but then this guy
comes with a flaming macing what hits
his uncle Benjen he's like yeah the
White Walkers killed me back in season 1
but the children family first may be a
good zombie instead of advanced ah me
I'm just wandering the forest this whole
time not doing much brands like a cool
story bro now Marjorie is still a
prisoner of the faith in King's Landing
the high Sparrow tells his backstory of
how he lost his shoes at an orgy once
and that's why he's so religious now
anyway she gets this your brother Loras
Tyrell and he's like look can we just
confess and get out of here I'm like I
hate it and so she's like ok fine a plan
she gets to see Tom and she's like hey
honey we're gonna be super religious now
why don't you sit with me on the bench
and manipulation I'll tell you all about
it so Marjorie's gonna do her naked walk
of shame through the streets yes please
but her dad comes in mace Tyrell look
and fly with his feather and he's all
like Nath none of this naked walk of
shame for you guys we're here to rescue
she's like I wish you coordinated plans
because now they've got the King Tom and
then they announced the merger of church
and state which all the peasants love
because they don't know any better and
this room's their whole plan to save her
and Tommen's like look I have no idea
what's going on I'm just trying to get
laid now they released Jamie from the
Kingsguard which makes him mad and make
Cersei horny yes twincest is still going
on now remember Walder Frey he's the old
pervy guy who did the red wedding and
Edmure Tully the guy who got married at
the red wedding well they were granted
the castle of Riverrun
but then the blackfish Tully took it
back with the force and so the phrase
like hey will kill anywhere if you don't
surrender the castle and he's like see
if I care
the phrase are like oh man oh we didn't
really plan for that so they send Jaime
in to go save the day and he brings
Bronn who's up in top comedic form Jamie
lays the smackdown and he meets with the
blackfish to get him to surrender but
it's like you're a punk little [ __ ] I'm
never surrending so Bragan happens to be
there too because since I heard about
the blackfish from Littlefinger sent her
down and she's like hey I'm here to
treat the black witch to fight for Sansa
Stark in the north
James like this is awkward because I'm
seeing the blackfish and sense is
wandering for the murder of Joffrey but
he lets her see him anyway the blackfish
is like sorry like I've got my own
problems to deal with so Jamie talks to
ed near telling it's like you've got two
choices you can live comfortably under
house arrest with your hot wife and your
newborn son and Mears like what's due my
other choice it's like I'm gonna launch
your son out of a catapult
so I'm ears like okay guys we're going
to surrender the castle and the
blackfish is like to forget that I'm
going down fighting and Brienne rose
away on a rowboat back in King's Landing
cousin Lancel Lannister comes with the
sparrows he's like Cersei you gotta come
with us right
she's like hat over the mountains dead
body so this guy decides to attack a
giant by himself which as we already
discussed is ill-advised and lends
--lens like I guess we'll come back
later but Tommen announces that there's
gonna be no more trials by combat which
of course was Circe's whole plan for her
trial so Chiron is like hey it's time to
go to plan B now hey it's Samwell Tarly
what's he doing he's going off to
college to be the new maester for the
Nights Watch he's got his girlfriend
Gillian her baby he's going stopping by
his old house though to drop her off
because there's no chicks allowed at
college now his mom and sister are super
nice but his dad is a huge dick remember
he'd force Sam to takes the night's
watch oath or else he would murder him
and so when he starts ripping into Sam
for being fat Jilly steps up to defend
her man but she lets it slip that she's
a wildling and he's like hey you see
that sword that's the sword I kill
wildlings with so Sam's like I'm sorry
Jill you guys stay here working the
kitchens but then he's like you know
what forget it you're coming with me
plus I'm taking this sword and so they
make it down to the University of Old
Town touch the admissions office allowed
to use the library which is awesome
because Sam loves books now elsewhere
these happy peasants are building a
church who's this big guy it's Sandor
Clegane the hound he survived even the
last time we saw him he was grievously
injured
he's befriended this like Septon who's
this hippie commune leader type and he's
got this message like yell it's never
too late to redeem yourself and be a
good guy which resonates with him but
then these bandits come in they kill
everyone including his new friend the
Hound is like okay time for a revenge
murder rampage but when he finds the
Bandit leaders they're already being
hung by the Brotherhood without banners
remember them the Robin Hood types led
by beric Dondarrion who's like Johan you
should join us cause it's never too late
to redeem yourself and stuff and he's
like fine as long as there's chicken I'm
in so Arya retrieves her sword needle
from that's conveniently sword shaped
pole and she decides to book passage
back to Westeros where she stops by to
admire the scenery Braavos one last time
oh I'm shanked what it's like yes you've
got an assassin guild after you what do
you expect
so she manages to escape for now she
goes to the house of the actress chick
who is luckily a very good surgeon but
she's dead too and it's like where a
Master Assassin skilled what do you
expect so they go on this chase to the
streets and Arya leaps off the thing in
ruins is perfectly good farmer's market
and it ends but she's cornered in dark
but then she's like wait let me channel
my blind fighting energy lights out oh I
won yes I beat it and she's like Jack
and yo we good and he's like yeah I
guess that was a test and you passed
maybe and she's like nah forget you guys
you're crazy I'm going home
Daenerys is talking to her boyfriends
she's like hey Jorah I've been issue so
many times but you keep going back I
guess you're unmanaged he's like oh
that's great but actually I'm dying of
greyscale she's like I command you to
find a cure walk the earth on foot as
long as it takes and he's like okay and
that's the last we see of him this
season so Daenerys is Khaleesi
all the Dothraki now and she's looking
all sexy up on her horse but she's like
wait a minute this is all wrong
yes I should be riding a dragon this is
much better back in Marine Tyrians plans
working everything's pretty cool now so
beerus is like hey i'm going on a secret
mission i'll see you later
tyrion celebrating with his friends when
a slaver armada shows up and lay siege
to the city and just then Daenerys comes
back so they meet with the slavers and
Danny's like surrender be destroyed and
she's got a dragon to back it up so she
jumps on its back goes flying around the
other to bust out all three dragons
flying they want to keep the ship so
they single out this one in particular
and make an example out of it Tyrion is
like hey slavers we had to deal and you
broke it one of us to die
great worms like actually two of you
have to die and Tyrians like look could
be good from now on
Jon Snow is putting together an army to
take back Winterfell the wildlings are
gonna fight for him because Norman's got
a huge man crush on him but he meets
with other northern Lords he finds
Lyanna Mormont who's like eleven years
old and she don't take no [ __ ] from Noah
and she's awesome but then she's like
yeah Jon so I'm gonna fight for you of
course the other northern Lords are like
you sort of seemed like the losing side
no offense we're not getting involved
and since is like hot we need more men
she writes to Littlefinger and she's
like hey actually I really could use
that army thanks but their plan is to
stay back and Ramsay charge at them so
they can't get flanked which is a pretty
good plan but on the day of Ramsay's
like hey Rickon stark see how far you
can run before I can hit you with an
arrow and Jon Snow rushes up there he's
all I go man I'm gonna save you and but
of course he's too late
Rickon gets hit r.i.p Rickon you were
the most useless Stark and John realizes
now he's in the middle of the
battlefield by himself he's a car made a
huge mistake I guess nothing left to do
but you're wrong I saw it and died like
a badass yes but just then his army
makes it in and they crash and it's
craziness in the melee oh it's wildness
and they end up though the Bolton's a
shield wall surrounding them and chalk
being trampled under all the dead and
dying bodies but he makes it up any gas
for there and just when all hope is lost
cincin Littlefinger show up with the
Knights of the Vale they use cavalry
charge on the infantry it's super
effective and then Ramsay retreats back
to Winterfell but a giant busting this
time a lot of people shoot him so he
does die but they take the castle and
Ramsay's like Oh one-on-one with Jon
Snow but he blocks it and he's like I'm
gonna punch you in the face repeatedly
and they put off him the kennels with
his own dog so they feed him to his dogs
it says he's like guess revenge feels
good and the stark dire wolf flies over
Winterfell once again down in King's
Landing is the day of Circe's trial
Loras Tyrell has to go first he's like
yes I plead guilty to everything I'm
super gay just let me go home so then
it's Circe's turn but she's not here
she's still home drinking wine Tommen's
not here Ivan the mountain stop them
from leaving so cousin Lancel goes to
see what's up but he finds this sketchy
kid falls under the catacombs only
shanked and Grandma stuff ourselves led
to KY burns oh and there's more orphan
kids with knives what all stabby stab
they kill him too and Lance was like
wait a second is this a buttload of
wildfire oh man blow lands will blow but
he's too late exploded boom blam boom
what high sparrows like explode the
whole set that's Margaery and all the
Tyrells uncle Kevan Lannister all those
random Cersei just killed a ball and
she's like yeah seriously you a bad girl
back in the north Davos Seaworth is
pissed at Melisandre for burning Shireen
lassi and he found a little toy he gave
her so he's like oh why'd you burn her
she was a girl and Johnson is like I
guess you're banished so Melisandre is
banished Littlefinger talks to Sansa
he's like Sansa my one true vision used
to be King on the Iron Throne with you
by my side as my queen and she's like ah
sorry bro I don't feel that way about
you poor Littlefinger now Walder Frey's
celebrating having River and back by
eating some pie but what's this all his
sons were baked in the pie why are you
yeah she stole a face on the way out and
she slits his throat get some revenge
cross that now the name off her list
Uncle Benjen drops bran off at this tree
he's like I got important zombie stuff
to do so brands like okay time to find
out what's in the tower
Ned busts in there it's his sister
Lyanna stark with a baby yes she's like
promise me Ned I've read guards to
father but don't tell Robert Baratheon
cuz they'll kill the Targaryen it's like
wait a second does this mean the baby is
Jon Snow yes it's not Ned Stark's son at
all it's his nephew that was protected
and this means Rhaegar Targaryen is his
father there's still so much we don't
know like what they're married or is he
still a bastard but in any case he's
half Targaryen half Stark
that's pretty badass so they hold a
council of northern Lords and land is
like Jon Snow king of the north and
everyone's like yeah Jon Snow King in
the north king of north and Jon's like
man I'm never gonna get this beach
vacation Sansa's cool with this she
likes John and she's Lady of Winterfell
but little fingers looking sketchy over
in the corner who knows what he's gonna
do Jamie gets back to King's Landing
he's like man what did I miss when Tom
and saw it all go down he was like no
Marjorie I'm coming for you I hope
there's sex in the afterlife
r.i.p Tommen and without a clear line of
succession Cersei just crowns herself
she's like yeah that's right I'm the
sexy queen on the Iron Throne now badass
Daenerys breaks up with Dario because
she wants to be single for her invasion
of Westeros she names Tyrion handed the
Queen and the Greyjoy's siblings get
there she sort of flirts with Yara who's
confirmed in chicks by the way in they
form an alliance and then enduring
grandma Tyrells meeting with the sand
snakes to ally against Cersei and Varys
is they are to recruit them for Daenerys
so Daenerys is sailing for Westeros
she's got ships an army she's got allies
fit she's got three big-ass dragons this
has been a long time coming but it's
finally happening and that tell season
six comes to an end